_pages/personal.md, before:

---
layout: single
title: "Personal"
permalink: /personal/
author_profile: true
---
## Hiking & Running

Hiking and running are two activities that refresh my mind and energize my body. Hiking allows me to connect with nature, bringing me peace and clarity, while running challenges me to push my limits and build resilience. Each trail and track feels like a journey of self-discovery and accomplishment.

![Hiking 1](/images/IMG_9452.JPG)
![Hiking 2](/images/IMG_9004.JPG)
![Hiking 3](/images/IMG_9244.jpeg)
![Hiking 4](/images/IMG_9557.jpeg)
![Hiking 5](/images/IMG_0349.JPG)

---

## Cooking & Baking

Cooking and baking are my creative outlets, allowing me to experiment and create dishes that bring joy to those around me. There’s something incredibly fulfilling about crafting a meal from scratch and sharing it with friends and family. My goal is to perfect my skills and master both the art and science of the kitchen, one recipe at a time.

![Cooking 1](/images/IMG_0035.JPG)
![Cooking 2](/images/IMG_0429.JPG)
![Cooking 3](/images/IMG_6002.jpeg)
![Cooking 4](/images/IMG_1511.jpeg)

Commit message:

Update personal.md with hobbies and interests
Added personal reflections on hiking and culinary experiences.

_pages/personal.md, after:

---
layout: single
title: "Personal"
permalink: /personal/
author_profile: true
---

I love outdoor hiking because being close to nature brings me a sense of inner peace, and I also enjoy the satisfaction of tasting my own culinary creations in the kitchen.

## Hiking & Running

Hiking and running are two activities that refresh my mind and energize my body. Hiking allows me to connect with nature, bringing me peace and clarity, while running challenges me to push my limits and build resilience. Each trail and track feels like a journey of self-discovery and accomplishment.

![Hiking 1](/images/IMG_9452.JPG)
![Hiking 2](/images/IMG_9004.JPG)
![Hiking 3](/images/IMG_9244.jpeg)
![Hiking 4](/images/IMG_9557.jpeg)
![Hiking 5](/images/IMG_0349.JPG)

---

## Cooking & Baking

Cooking and baking are my creative outlets, allowing me to experiment and create dishes that bring joy to those around me. There’s something incredibly fulfilling about crafting a meal from scratch and sharing it with friends and family. My goal is to perfect my skills and master both the art and science of the kitchen, one recipe at a time.

![Cooking 1](/images/IMG_0035.JPG)
![Cooking 2](/images/IMG_0429.JPG)
![Cooking 3](/images/IMG_6002.jpeg)
![Cooking 4](/images/IMG_1511.jpeg)
